Add local solr setup to docs (#335)
datamade/bga-payroll: README.md

    solr start && solr create -c bga -d ./solr_configs
    ```

    ```bash
    python manage.py runserver
    ```
        
7. In the project directory, make a test data file.
    ```bash
    make 2016-formatted.csv
    ```

8. Go to `http://localhost:8000/data-import/` and follow the steps to upload the CSV you just made. Don't forget to put in the data year. It will take a bit to complete each step, you can refresh the page to see if it's ready to move on to the next section. You can also keep track of progress in your Celery terminal.

## Running the app with Docker Compose

### Requirements

- Python 3.x
- Docker Compose
- GNU Make

### Getting started

Perform the following steps from your terminal.

1. Clone this repository and `cd` into your local copy.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/datamade/bga-payroll.git
    cd bga-payroll
    ```
2. Create a virtual environment. (We recommend using [`virtualenvwrapper`](http://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.org/en/latest/install.html) for working in a virtualized development environment.)

    ```bash
    mkvirtualenv bga
    ```
3. Install the requirements.

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

> 4. Copy the local settings file. Note that you may need to update `DATABASES`, `REDIS_PORT` and `SOLR_URL` in your own copy of `local_settings.py` to reflect your local setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the local settings file. Note that you may need to update `DATABASES`, `REDIS_PORT` and `SOLR_URL` in your own copy of `local_settings.py` to reflect the host port each service is mapped to in `docker-compose.yml`.
```

Author: Applied in 1632a69

    ```bash
    cp bga_database/local_settings.py.example bga_database/local_settings.py
    ```
5. Launch Postgres, create the database and run the migrations.

    ```bash
    docker-compose up postgres
    python manage.py migrate
    ```
6. Run the app. In separate terminal windows:
    ```bash
    # Launch services listed in docker-compose.yml
    #
    # To launch just one:
    #   docker-compose up <service-name>
    #
    # To exclude one from launching:

>     #   docker-compose up --scale <service-name>=0

Reviewer: i prefer the explicit `docker-compose up <service-name> [<service-name> <service-name> ...]` to this override to launch one or more services. what do you think?

Author: I think that's much better. Resolved in 4ad169f.
